there's a law of creative production
called the pedo Rule and the Puro rule
sometimes you hear it characterized as
the 8020 rule 20% of your customers will
give you 80% of your business but it's
way worse than that that's just a
shorthand version of the law the actual
law is the square root of the number of
people involved in an Enterprise do half
the work if you have 10 people that work
for you three of them do half the work
now that seems pretty understandable
right if you have 100 10 of the do half
the work and if you have 10,000 a
hundred of them do half the work and so
what that means is that as your
Enterprise grows the number of people
who are engaging in counterproductive
activity scales much faster than the
number of people who are being
productive